Contributor/runtime, first version (#105)
decentraland/documentation: content/contributor/runtime/overview.md

|  .---------+---.  .---------+---.  .---------+---.  | 
|  | Runtime     |  | Runtime     |  | Runtime     |  |  
|  |             |  |             |  |             |  |  
|  |  .------+   |  |  .------+   |  |  .------+   |  |  
|  |  |       |  |  |  |       |  |  |  |       |  |  |  
|  |  | Scene |  |  |  | Scene |  |  |  | Scene |  |  |  
|  |  |       |  |  |  |       |  |  |  |       |  |  |  
|  |  '---+---'  |  |  '---+---'  |  |  '---+---'  |  |  
|  |      |      |  |      |      |  |      |      |  |  
|  '------+------'  '------+------'  '------+------'  |   
|         |                |                |         |
|         v                v                v         |
|  .-----------------------------------------------.  |
|  |            Runtime module library             |  |
|  '--------------------------+----------------+---'  |
'-----------------------------------------------------'
```

By importing modules from the runtime library, scenes have access a wide array of functionality, including:

- Create entities and control their behavior
- Interact with the player
- Communicate with other players
- Inspect the state of the world
- Connect to external services

> - Make web3 payments

Reviewer: This may be too specific, it also allows executing calls to contracts, read state and sign messages

```suggestion
- Make web3 payments
```

Author: How about "make requests to the user's wallet", or something to that effect? Or do you think it's better to remove the line entirely?

Reviewer: Decentraland enables an interface to access to the user's wallet and some evm related methods... I think saying "payments" is selling short the capabilities of what can actually be achieved, but probably it is good enough for most readers.

"Interact with ethereum" may be too vague

In practice, scenes bundle the [Decentraland SDK]({{< ref "/creator/sdk7/getting-started/sdk-101" >}}) with their code, which encapsulates the RPC-style interface of the runtime library and provides a nicer and more comfortable API.

{{< info >}}

> Note that the SDK is _not_ part of the Decentraland protocol. Scenes can decide whether bundle it, or use alternative libraries that abstract some or all of the functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the SDK is _not_ part of the Decentraland protocol, the low level interfaces _are_ part of that protocol. Scenes can decide whether bundle it, or use alternative libraries that abstract some or all of the functionality.
```

{{< /info >}}

## Global Objects

> Inside the sandboxed environment, [scenes]({{< relref "../content/entity-types/scenes" >}}) assume certain objects and functions are globally available. Some are standard ES-2020 objects (like `Date` or `Math`), and others are injected by the runtime to implement functionality such as requiring modules, logging messages and scheduling callbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the sandboxed environment, [scenes]({{< relref "../content/entity-types/scenes" >}}) assume certain objects and functions are globally available. Some are standard ES2020 objects (like `Date` or `Math`), and others are injected by the runtime to implement functionality such as requiring modules, logging messages and scheduling callbacks.
```

Se [globals]({{< relref "globals" >}}) for more details.

## Modules

> The [`require`]({{< relref "globals#module" >}}) global function can import modules provided by the [runtime library]({{< relref "execution" >}}). These modules allow selectively importing utilities such as the ECS or Comms systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`require`]({{< relref "globals#module" >}}) global function can import modules provided by the [runtime library]({{< relref "execution" >}}). These modules allow selectively importing utilities such as the ECS or Communications systems.

It is important to notice at this stage, that even though it behaves similarly to Node.js, the `require` function doesn't load external modules from files. Instead, it provides proxy objects to interact with the "external" world, in this case, the Decentraland Explorer https://adr.decentraland.org/adr/ADR-102
```
